README.md, before:

 
###################''XOSP Is A Project licensed under Apache License''#########################

#Release 1#

**For galaxysmtd**

 - Sources synched with the ariesve ones from Release 12 (Check arisve branch for full changelog)
 - First release for galaxysmtd 
 - Based on latest NIGHTLY (still the one from 17/12/14)
 - Updated S+ Reborn Changelog for galaxysmtd branch
 - Deleted Xperia conversations due to critical bugs
 - Fixed some internal errors from ROM installation in recovery


#Release 2#

**System**

 - Merged latest changes made by CM (Nightly from 30/12/14)
 - ro.sony.walkman.logger=1 
 - persist.service.walkman.enable=1 
 - Updated Stock Kernel
 - New Clear Audio configuration
 - Solved (Maybe?) some problems in Settings (especially with the tiles and layout for notification drawer)
 - Solved the GApps installation problem from recovery (status 7)
 - Updated CHANGELOG-CM with propper changelog for the galaxysmtd device

**XPERIA APPS**

 - Updated Walkman
 - Sound enhancements fully fixed with all functions working
 - Clear Audio is available again in Walkman settings
 - New updated Xperia Calendar to Z3 version
 - Fixed the problem with the Weather widget in Xperia Home

Commit message:

Last changes before Release 3
- Updated Changelog
- Added new strings sequence for the Audio configuration (regarding Walkman)

README.md, after:

 
###################''XOSP Is A Project licensed under Apache License''#########################

#Release 3#

**System**

- Merged latest changes made by CM (Nightly from 25/01/15)
- Updated Stock Kernel
- Fixed the known problems in Settings (Finally)
- New Audio Configuration (build.prop)

**XPERIA APPS**

- Updated Walkman
- Updated SoundEnhancement with some new changes
- New Clear Audio configuartion by ibanez
- Updated libs,framework and vendor files

#Release 2#

**System**

 - Merged latest changes made by CM (Nightly from 30/12/14)
 - ro.sony.walkman.logger=1 
 - persist.service.walkman.enable=1 
 - Updated Stock Kernel
 - New Clear Audio configuration
 - Solved (Maybe?) some problems in Settings (especially with the tiles and layout for notification drawer)
 - Solved the GApps installation problem from recovery (status 7)
 - Updated CHANGELOG-CM with propper changelog for the galaxysmtd device

**XPERIA APPS**

 - Updated Walkman
 - Sound enhancements fully fixed with all functions working
 - Clear Audio is available again in Walkman settings
 - New updated Xperia Calendar to Z3 version
 - Fixed the problem with the Weather widget in Xperia Home

#Release 1#

**For galaxysmtd**

 - Sources synched with the ariesve ones from Release 12 (Check arisve branch for full changelog)
 - First release for galaxysmtd 
 - Based on latest NIGHTLY (still the one from 17/12/14)
 - Updated S+ Reborn Changelog for galaxysmtd branch
 - Deleted Xperia conversations due to critical bugs
 - Fixed some internal errors from ROM installation in recovery
